# C++ API client

[1MSG.IO](https://1msg.io/) is the perfect WhatsApp management tool for your business. With us you get full access to the official Whatsapp API/webhooks.

Every API request must contain an Authorize HTTP header with a token. 
This is your channel token, which can be found in your channel project on your profile page.
Please do not give the token to anyone or post it publicly.

The authorization token must be added to each request in the GET parameter 'token' and always passed to query string (?token={your_token}).
Parameters in GET queries pass query string. Parameters in POST requests — through the JSON-encoded request body. 

All 'send' methods (except /sendTemplate) will only work when the dialog session with the user is open. Some of our solutions simplify and avoid such limitations, but we urge you to pay more attention to this detail

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project. By using the [OpenAPI spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.39.0
- Package version: 
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.CppRestSdkClientCodegen

- API namespace: org.openapitools.client.api
- Model namespace: org.openapitools.client.model

## Installation

### Prerequisites

Install [cpprestsdk](https://github.com/Microsoft/cpprestsdk).

- Windows: `vcpkg install cpprestsdk cpprestsdk:x64-windows boost-uuid boost-uuid:x64-windows`
- Mac: `brew install cpprestsdk`
- Linux: `sudo apt-get install libcpprest-dev`

### Build

```sh
cmake -DCPPREST_ROOT=/usr -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-I/usr/local/opt/openssl/include" -DCMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS="-L/usr/local/opt/openssl/lib"
make
```

### Build on Windows with Visual Studio (VS2017)

- Right click on folder containing source code
- Select 'Open in visual studio'
- Once visual studio opens, CMake should show up in top menu bar.
- Select CMake > Build All.

*Note: If the CMake menu item doesn't show up in Visual Studio, CMake
for Visual Studio must be installed. In this case, open the 'Visual Studio
Installer' application. Select 'modify' Visual Studio 2017. Make sure
'Desktop Development with C++' is installed, and specifically that 'Visual
C++ tools for CMake' is selected in the 'Installation Details' section.

Also be sure to review the CMakeLists.txt file. Edits are likely required.*

## Author

hello@1msg.io

